Update unique_key.md (#7030)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/unique_key.md

</Tabs>

## Description
A column name or expression that uniquely identifies each record in the inputs of a snapshot or incremental model. dbt uses this key to match incoming records to existing records in the target table (either a snapshot or an incremental model) so that changes can be captured or updated correctly:

> * In an incremental model, dbt replaces the old row (like a fresh upsert).

Author: ```suggestion
* In an incremental model, dbt replaces the old row (like a merge key or upsert).
```

> * In a snapshot, dbt keeps history, storing multiple rows for that same unique_key as it evolves over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In a snapshot, dbt keeps history, storing multiple rows for that same `unique_key` as it evolves over time.
```
